# Notes

0. Obtain files **[Images.zip](Images.zip)** and **[Test Harness Master.zip](<Test Harness Master.zip>)**
1. The AF Project Provider does not resize the front panels of the VIs it creates. You may need to resize panels to show all controls and indicators.  
2. The expected text for all dialog boxes is paraphrased.  
3. `<Test Folder>` represents the path to a folder on disk created by the test operator.  
4. You may be asked to start from a clean version of **AFPP Test Harness.lvproj**. Obtain this project and its related files by copying the folder **Test Harness** and its contents from **Test Harness Master.zip** to a location of your choice on disk. `<Test Harness Folder>` represents the path to the copy of this folder you have created.  
5. Whenever a test step asks you to verify the appearance of a project, VI, or dialog, you can find the referenced image within the **Images.zip** file attached to this test.  
6. When testing on localized LabVIEW, messages will be placed next to the actor, instead of in the *"Abstract Messages for Caller"* or *"Messages for this Actor"* folders. This is expected behavior.  
   - **Note**: If you want the messages to be placed in the folders, change the names of those folders to match the folder names you see (in your language) when you create a new actor via right-clicking **My Computer** and selecting **"New > Actor"**.

---

# Test Steps

> **Note**: For each test in this section (i.e., each top-level number in the list below), start with a **clean version** of **AFPP Test Harness.lvproj**.

It is not necessary to verify that each message created in this section is well formed. The act of creating a single message exercises the same code, whether performed for a single method or a batch of methods.

---

## 1. Create messages for several methods of a single actor

1. Expand **Test Target.lvclass**.  
2. Highlight **Operation.vi** (inside *"Folder"*), **Concrete Target.vi**, and **Write Data Set.vi**.  
3. Right-click on one of the methods and select **Create Actor Messages**.  
4. **Verify**: *Messages for this Actor* now contains a message for each selected method. **Test Target.lvlib** should appear as shown in **Test Target Several Methods.png**.

---

## 2. Create multiple messages for a single actor where some messages already exist

> *(Note: Test operators can perform this test using the results from the preceding test.)*

1. Expand **Test Target.lvclass**.  
2. Highlight **Operation.vi**, **Concrete Target.vi**, and **Write Data Set.vi**.  
3. Right-click on one of the methods and select **Create Actor Messages**.  
   - A dialog is presented with a message stating that a class or class folder with the name already exists.  
4. Right-click on **Test Target.lvclass**.  
5. Select **Actor Framework » Create Messages for Actor**.  
6. **Verify**: The user is presented with a message stating that a class or class folder with the name already exists.  
7. **Verify**: The *Messages for this Actor* folder contains a message class for each public method of the actor, except for **Overload.vi**. *(Overload.vi has more than 6 controls on its connector pane; message creation for this method is blocked.)* **Test Target.lvlib** should appear as shown in **Test Target Multiple Messages.png**.

---

## 3. Create multiple messages for a single actor

1. Right-click on **Test Target.lvclass**.  
2. Select **Actor Framework » Create Messages for Actor**.  
3. **Verify**: The user is presented with a message indicating that messages must target an actor public method.  
4. **Verify**: The *Messages for This Actor* folder contains a message class for each public method of the actor, except for **Overload.vi**. *(Overload.vi has more than 6 controls on its connector pane; message creation for this method is blocked.)* The test target library should appear as shown in **Test Target Multiple Messages.png**.

---

## 4. Verify that users cannot create multiple messages for an actor with no public methods

1. Right-click on **No Methods.lvlib:No Methods.lvclass**.  
2. Select **Actor Framework**.  
3. **Verify**: The **Create Messages for Actor** menu item is absent.

---

## 5. Create messages for several methods across multiple actors

1. Highlight the following methods:  
   - i. **Another Actor.lvclass:Public Method.vi**  
   - ii. **Test Target.lvclass:Operation.vi**  
   - iii. **Test Target.lvclass:Concrete Target.vi**  
   - iv. **Test Target.lvclass:Write Data Set.vi**  
2. Right-click on one of these methods and select **Create Actor Messages**.  
3. **Verify**: The *Messages for this Actor* folders of each actor contain messages for the selected methods. The project should appear as shown in **Project Several Methods.png**.

---

## 6. Create multiple messages for multiple actors

1. Highlight **Another Actor.lvclass**, **No Methods.lvclass**, and **Test Target.lvclass**.  
2. Right-click on one of these actors, and select **Create Messages for Actors**.  
3. **Verify**: The *Messages for this Actor* folder of each actor contains messages for every public method of that actor, except for **Overload.vi**. *(Overload.vi has more than 6 controls on its connector pane; message creation for this method is blocked.)* The project should appear as shown in **Project Multiple Messages.png**.

---
