Launch LabVIEW.

At the Getting Started Window, click on the button for "Create Project".

1. Press the "Help" button.
2. Verify that LabVIEW help appears with the appropriate topic for the dialog.
3. [Note: the Help button is not enabled in LabVIEW 2012 Beta 1 because the Help topic is not yet available].
In the dialog that appears, in the center section, scroll and find a project named "Feedback Evaporative Cooler". Click the Next button.

In the form that appears, set

1. the projet name to "Testing"
2. the path to a legal, writable location on your disk
Click the Finish button.

The mouse cursor should churn for a while, but after the dialog disappears, a new project window should open. If this does not happen, or if you encounter any error prior to this point, create a GitHub issue.

The project should be named "Testing.lvproj", and it should appear on your disk in the directory you specified. In the project, there should be a VI named "Application Launcher.lvlib:Splash Screen.vi". Open and run that VI. The splash screen will run for three seconds and then disappear to reveal the actual application. In general, you should see the temperature slowly increase until it crosses the 75 degree mark, at which point the pump begins running. The temperature continues to increase for 5 seconds, at which point the fans kick in to cause the temperature to go back down until it drops below 70 degrees, then the fans and pump shut off again. The temperature will begin increasing again and the whole cycle will repeat. You can change the Desired Temperature setting to cause the cycle to aim at a different temperature.

You can click on the radio buttons in the lower corner to flip to a second UI which does programmatic control over the coooler. This second UI just runs a fixed sequence of target temperatures over time.

Press Stop button to quit the application. Close the project and quit LV.

Any issues found after this point shall be filed as a GitHub issue.
