# Notes

0. Obtain the **Images.zip** and **Test Harness Master.zip** files referenced by this test record from `\\nirvana\testingdb\LabVIEW\Extensions\AFPP`.
1. The AF Project Provider does not resize the front panels of the VIs it creates. You may need to resize panels to show all controls and indicators.
2. The expected text for all dialog boxes is paraphrased.
3. `<Test Folder>` represents the path to a folder on disk created by the test operator.
4. You may be asked to start from a clean version of `AFPP Test Harness.lvproj`. Obtain this project and its related files by copying the folder **Test Harness** and its contents from **Test Harness Master.zip** to a location of your choice on disk. `<Test Harness Folder>` represents the path to the copy of this folder you have created.
5. Whenever a test step asks you to verify the appearance of a project, VI, or dialog, you can find the referenced image within the **Images.zip** file.

---

# Test Steps

## 1. Verify that actors can only be added to saved projects

a. Open a new project.  
b. Right-click on the target and select **New » Actor**.  
c. **Verify**: The user is presented with a dialog box indicating that the project must be saved before creating actors.

---

## 2. Create an actor

a. Open and save a new project in `<Test Folder>`.  
b. Right-click on **My Computer**, and select **New > Class**. Click **OK**.  
   - *Note:* Do not save this new class. When you close the project, do not save any changes.  
c. Right-click on the target and select **New » Actor**.  
d. **Verify** the **OK** button is disabled and grayed out.  
e. Type **Adam** in the *Name of Actor* field.  
f. **Verify** the **OK** button is now enabled.  
g. Click **OK**.  
h. **Verify**: The project appears as shown in `Create Actor.png`.  
i. **Verify**: The new actor and actor library appear on disk in the correct locations:  
   - `<Test Folder>\Adam\Adam.lvlib`  
   - `<Test Folder>\Adam\Adam\Adam.lvclass`  
j. **Verify**: `Adam.lvclass` inherits from `Actor.lvclass`.

---

## 3. Create an actor that inherits from a child of `Actor.lvclass`

*Use the project created in Step 2.*

a. Right-click on the target and select **New » Actor**.  
b. Type **Bob** in the *Name of Actor* field.  
c. Select the pull-down menu and choose **Browse…**  
d. Navigate to the folder containing `Adam.lvclass`, and select `Adam.lvclass`.  
e. Click **OK**.  
f. **Verify**: `Bob.lvclass` inherits from `Adam.lvclass`.

---

## 4. Verify that previously selected parent actors are added to the “Inherit from:” pull-down

a. Right-click on the target and select **New » Actor**.  
b. Type **Celeste** in the *Name of Actor* field.  
c. Select the pull-down menu and choose **Adam**.  
d. Click **OK**.  
e. **Verify**: `Celeste.lvclass` inherits from `Adam.lvclass`.

---

## 5. Verify that previously selected parent actors can be removed from the “Inherit from:” pull-down

a. Right-click on the target and select **New » Actor**.  
b. Select the pull-down menu and choose **Adam**.  
c. Click **-** (minus).  
d. Select the pull-down menu.  
e. **Verify**: **Adam** is no longer in the pull-down menu.  
f. Click **Cancel**.

---

## 6. Verify that operators cannot add non-Actors to the “Inherit from:” pull-down

a. Right-click on the target and select **New » Actor**.  
b. Select the pull-down menu and choose **Browse…**  
c. Select `<Test Harness Folder>\Dummy Class\Dummy Class.lvclass`  
d. **Verify**: A dialog is presented informing the user that the class is not an actor, and requesting that they make another selection.  
e. Click **OK**.  
f. **Verify**: `Dummy Class.lvclass` does not appear in the “Inherit from:” pull-down.  
g. Click **Cancel**.

---

## 7. Create an actor in a non-default location

a. Right-click on the target and select **New » Actor**.  
b. Type **Dave** in the *Name of Actor* field.  
c. Change the path in the **Save files to…** field.  
d. Click **OK**.  
e. **Verify**: The new actor and actor library appear on disk in the correct locations:  
   - `<Your Folder>\Dave\Dave.lvlib`  
   - `<Your Folder>\Dave\Dave\Dave.lvclass`

---

## 8. Create a new actor in an existing library

a. Right-click on `Adam.lvlib`.  
b. Select **New » Actor**.  
c. Type **Eve** in the *Name of Actor* field.  
d. Click **OK**.  
e. **Verify**: `Eve.lvclass` has been added to `Adam.lvlib`.