Launch LabVIEW.

At the Getting Started Window, click on the button for "Create Project".

In the dialog that appears, in the center section, scroll and find a project named "Actor Framework". Click the Next button.

In the form that appears, set the fields as shown (except for the "root folder" path, which should be set to any legal, writable path on your own disk):



Click the Finish button.

After a little while, you should see a progress bar.  Once it is complete, a new project window should open. If this does not happen, or if you encounter any error prior to this point, the CAR should be filed to Darren Nattinger.

Any issues found after this point should be CAR'd to Stephen Mercer.

Assuming that the project window does open, the project should be named "TwoTesting.lvproj", and it should appear on your disk in the directory you specified. The project window should look ALMOST like this:



but everything named "Alpha" should be replaced with "Gamma" and everything with "Beta" should be replaced with Delta.

Open and run Application Launcher.lvlib:Splash Screen.vi. After a brief appearance of a splash screen for your application, the main window should appear and look ALMOST like this:



Again, all "Alpha" should be replaced with "Gamma" and all "Beta" should be replaced with "Delta". Click the first two buttons and make sure that the log shows that a message was actually sent to each of the two systems (Gamma or Delta depending upon which button you push).

Push the Stop All button and the app should exit cleanly.


