# Notes

0. Obtain files **[Images.zip](Images.zip)** and **[Test Harness Master.zip](<Test Harness Master.zip>)**
1. The AF Project Provider does not resize the front panels of the VIs it creates. You may need to resize panels to show all controls and indicators.  
2. The expected text for all dialog boxes is paraphrased.  
3. `<Test Folder>` represents the path to a folder on disk created by the test operator.  
4. You may be asked to start from a clean version of **AFPP Test Harness.lvproj**. Obtain this project and its related files by copying the folder **Test Harness** and its contents from **Test Harness Master.zip** to a location of your choice on disk. `<Test Harness Folder>` represents the path to the copy of this folder you have created.  
5. Whenever a test step asks you to verify the appearance of a project, VI, or dialog, you can find the referenced image within the **Images.zip** file attached to this test.  
6. When testing on localized LabVIEW, messages will be placed next to the actor, instead of in the *"Abstract Messages for Caller"* or *"Messages for this Actor"* folders. This is expected behavior.  
   - *Note:* If you want the messages to be placed in the folders, change the names of those folders to match the folder names you see (in your language) when you create a new actor via right-clicking **My Computer** and selecting **"New > Actor."**  
7. In LV 2020 and later, a new Actor does not get an *"Abstract Messages for Caller"* folder. If that folder exists on an older class, it will be used for abstract messages, but it is not created by default on a new actor.

---

# Test Steps

## 1. Create and save a new project

No sub-steps.

---

## 2. Add an RT target to the project

1. Right-click on **Project**.  
2. Select **New » Targets and Devices**.  
3. Click the radio button for **“New target or device.”**  
4. Select **Real-Time Industrial Controller** or **Real-Time PXI**.  
5. Click **“OK.”**  
6. Save the project in `<Test Folder>`.

---

## 3. Create an actor

1. Right-click on the **RT target** you just created and select **New » Actor**.  
2. Type **“Evangeline”** in the *Name of Actor* field.  
3. Click **“OK.”**  
4. **Verify**: The project appears as shown in **Create Actor.png**.  
5. **Verify**: The new actor and actor library appear on disk in the correct locations:  
   - i. `<Test Folder>\Evangeline\Evangeline.lvlib`  
   - ii. `<Test Folder>\Evangeline\Evangeline\Evangeline.lvclass`  
6. **Verify**: `Evangeline.lvclass` inherits from `Actor.lvclass`.  
7. Create a method for the new actor:  
   - i. Create a VI from static dispatch template.  
   - ii. Add controls to the method as shown in **Method A.png**.  
   - iii. Wire the controls as shown in **Method A Conpane.png**.  
   - iv. Save this VI as **Method A.vi**.  
8. Create a second method for the new actor:  
   - i. Create a VI from static dispatch template.  
   - ii. Add controls to the method as shown in **Method B.png**.  
   - iii. Wire the controls as shown in **Method B Conpane.png**.  
   - iv. Save this VI as **Method B.vi**.  
9. Right-click on the actor’s library and select **Save » Save All (This Library)**.

---

## 4. Create a standard message

1. Right-click on **Method A.vi**.  
2. Select **Actor Framework » Create Message**.  
3. **Verify**: `Method A Msg.lvclass` has been added to **Evangeline.lvlib\Messages for this Actor**.  
4. **Verify**: `Method A Msg.lvclass` is correctly formed:  
   - i. The class private data control  
     1. Contains the attributes shown in **Method A Attributes.png**.  
     2. Has the icon shown in **Method A Attributes.png**.  
   - ii. `Method A Msg.lvclass:Send Method A.vi` is correctly formed.  
     1. The front panel and icon appear as shown in **Send Method A Front Panel.png**.  
     2. The block diagram appears as shown in **Send Method A Block Diagram.png**.  
   - iii. `Method A Msg.lvclass:Do.vi` is correctly formed.  
     1. The front panel and icon appear as shown in **Method A Do Front Panel.png**.  
     2. The block diagram appears as shown in **Method A Do Block Diagram.png**.

---

## 5. Create an abstract message with data

1. Check your LabVIEW configuration file (.ini on Windows) and make sure that the token **"NI.ActorFramework.MakeAbstractMessageDialog"** is either *not set* or is set to **False**.  
2. Right-click on **Evangeline.lvclass**.  
3. Select **Actor Framework » Create Abstract Message for Caller**. You will be presented with an *"Are you sure?"* dialog. Click **Yes**.  
4. Enter **“Bob”** in the name field.  
5. Check the checkbox **“Use Reference Method.”**  
6. Click the **Browse** button and navigate to `<Your Project Folder>\Evangeline\Evangeline`, then select **Method B.vi**.  
7. Click **“OK.”**  
8. **Verify**: `Bob Msg.lvclass` has been added to the **Evangeline.lvlib** folder.  
9. **Verify**: `Bob Msg.lvclass` and its methods are contained in `<Your Project Folder>\Evangeline\Evangeline Messages\Bob Msg`.  
10. **Verify**: `Bob Msg.lvclass` is correctly formed:  
    - i. The class private data control  
      1. Contains the attributes shown in **RT Bob Attributes.png**.  
      2. Has the icon shown in **RT Bob Attributes.png**.  
    - ii. `Bob Msg.lvclass:Send Bob.vi` is correctly formed.  
      1. The front panel and icon appear as shown in **Send RT Bob Front Panel.png**.  
      2. The block diagram appears as shown in **Send RT Bob Block Diagram.png**.  
    - iii. `Bob Msg.lvclass:Read Attributes.vi` is correctly formed.  
      1. The front panel and icon appear as shown in **RT Bob Read Attributes Front Panel.png**. (*Note that the Class input is now labeled “Bob Msg.”*)  
      2. The block diagram appears as shown in **RT Bob Read Attributes Block Diagram.png**.  
11. **Verify**: An instance of `Bob Msg.lvclass` is now included in the attributes of **Evangeline.lvclass**.  
12. **Verify**: `Evangeline.lvclass` contains a write accessor for the `Bob Msg.lvclass` attribute.

---

## 6. Create a concrete child message for a target method with inputs

1. Right-click on **Method B.vi**.  
2. Select **Actor Framework » Create Child of Abstract Message**.  
3. In the file dialog, navigate to `<Your Project Folder>\Evangeline\Evangeline Messages\Bob Msg` and select **Bob Msg.lvclass**.  
4. **Verify**: `Method B Msg.lvclass:Do.vi` is well formed:  
   - i. The front panel and icon appear as shown in **Method B Do Front Panel.png**.  
   - ii. The block diagram appears as shown in **Method B Do Block Diagram.png**.  
5. **Verify**: `Method B Msg.lvclass` has been added to the project, in the **Evangeline.lvlib\Messages for this Actor** folder.  
6. **Verify**: `Method B Msg.lvclass` and its methods have been added to the folder `<Your Project Folder>\Evangeline\Evangeline Messages\Method B Msg`.  
7. **Verify**: `Method B Msg.ctl` contains no attributes, and has the icon shown in **Method B Msg Attributes.png**.

